<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:t="http://myfaces.apache.org/tomahawk"
	xmlns:s="http://myfaces.apache.org/sandbox">

<ui:composition>


    <p>The Reagent Viewer page displays some basic information about a
		reagent, as reagent as information about the compounds contained in
		the reagent, and the genes for which silencing reagents are contained
		in the reagent. At the bottom, a table will display all available
		annotations for the reagent.</p>
    <p>If you want to find the ICCB-L library wells that contain the
		same or similar reagents, click on the Gene Name, or the SMILES
		string, to get to the Gene Viewer page, or the Compound Viewer page,
		respectively. These pages display lists of wells containing same gene
		or compound.</p>
    <p>
      <span class="helpNB">Please note</span> that Screensaver currently has no information on
      the small molecules in the natural products libraries. While the experimental reagents in these
      libraries are labeled as "experimental", no information about the small molecules contained
      in those reagents will be displayed.
    </p>
    <p>
      On rare occasions, a compound will fail to display a structure image.
      We apologize for this and we are working on fixing the problem.
      In the meantime, if you encounter this problem, you can copy the SMILES string and paste it
      into <a href="http://demo.eyesopen.com/cgi-bin/depict" target="_blank">OpenEye depict</a>
      as a workaround.
    </p>
    <p>
      <span class="helpTip">Internet Explorer Tip:</span> Are you getting a "Security Information" popup
      window every time you try to view a reagent with compounds in it? Here's a workaround:
      <ol>
        <li>Open the Tools menu</li>
        <li>Click on Internet Options...</li>
        <li>Click on Security</li>
        <li>Click on Custom Level...</li>
        <li>Scroll down to "Display mixed content"</li>
        <li>Select "Enable"</li>
        <li>Click OK</li>
        <li>Click Yes</li>
        <li>Click OK</li>
      </ol>
      A better solution may be to <a href="http://www.mozilla.com/">download Firefox</a>.
    </p>

</ui:composition>

</html>
