<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:t="http://myfaces.apache.org/tomahawk"
	xmlns:s="http://myfaces.apache.org/sandbox">

<ui:composition>


    <p>
      You can easily look up the contents of wells in the ICCB-L libraries collection in
      various ways:
      <ul>
        <li>
          To look up the contents of a single well, enter in the plate number and well name in
          the Plate/Well text boxes in the left menu pane.
        </li>
        <li>
          Or, click on the "Find Wells" link in the left menu pane to get to the Well Finder
          page.
        </li>
      </ul>
     </p>

     <p>
       On the Well Finder page, you can enter in the coordinates for a single well or for
       multiple wells. The Well Finder page contains detailed instructions explaining how the
       well coordinates should be specified.
     </p>

     <p>
       Or you can also try the following:
       <ul>
         <li>
           Open a Screen Results spreadsheet.
         </li>
         <li>
           Highlight the Plate and Well columns by control-clicking or apple-clicking) the
           column headers for those columns.
         </li>
         <li>
           Type control-C (or apple-C on Mac) to copy the Plate/Well list to the clipboard.
         </li>
         <li>
           Click in the "Find Multiple Wells" text box on the Well Finder page, and type
           control-V (or apple-V) to paste the Plate/Well list into the text box.
         </li>
         <li>
           Click the "Find Wells" button. This should bring you to a list of the wells in your
           Screen Results!
         </li>
       </ul>
     </p>

	<t:panelGroup visibleOnUserRole="librariesAdmin">
      As a <i>Libraries Adminstrator</i>, you can view click the "Find Well Volumes" button 
      to view volume information for each of the library plate copies of the specified wells.
	</t:panelGroup>

</ui:composition>

</html>
