<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:t="http://myfaces.apache.org/tomahawk"
  xmlns:s="http://myfaces.apache.org/sandbox"
	xmlns:ss="http://screensaver.med.harvard.edu/ui">

<ui:composition template="/main/template.xhtml">

  <ui:define name="body">

    <t:outputText id="welcomeMessage"
      value="Welcome to Screensaver, #{menu.screensaverUser.fullNameFirstLast}!"
      styleClass="title" />

    <div id="ie_detection_message"
      style="display: none; color: fuchsia;">The Screensaver
    development team recommends the <a href="www.mozilla.com">Mozilla
    Firefox Browser</a> (version 1.5 or higher). While we work to support
    other browsers, it's not always possible for us to test every
    feature across all browser types. <script type="text/javascript">
            if (! Array.every) { // if not firefox >=1.5
              document.getElementById("ie_detection_message").style.display = "block";
            }
          </script></div>

    <t:div id="screenerWelcomeMessage" rendered="#{!menu.readAdmin}">
      <ul>
        <li>Use "Browse Libraries" to view the set of small
        molecule and RNAi libraries available for use at the screening
        facility. For each library, you can view descriptive information
        on the Library Viewer page. From that page, you can navigate to
        the Wells Browser page, to browse the contents of each library
        well and reagent information including structures, SMILES strings,
        and links to PubChem, ChemBank, and GenBank.</li>
        <t:htmlTag value="li" rendered="#{menu.screener}">
      Use "Find Wells" or "Find Reagents" to search for information on library reagents,
      using library plate/well designations or vendor-assigned reagent identifiers,
      respectively.
			</t:htmlTag>
        <t:htmlTag value="li"
          rendered="#{menu.screener}">Use
				"My Screens" to view your own screens and result
				data, and "Browse Screens" to view basic information about other screens 
        performed at ICCB-L. For your own screens, you can browse, filter, sort, 
        and export your result data, and compare it to other shared screen results 
        and studies.  You can also view each screening data plate with a heat map 
        viewer and export the screen result data as a spreadsheet.
        <ul>
            <li style="font-size: small">If your screen result
            data is not shown, please contact <a
              href="mailto:david_wrobel@hms.harvard.edu">David
            Wrobel</a> and we will make it a priority to import your data.</li>
            <li style="font-size: small">Note that you will
            not be able to view screen results from any screens other
            than your own unless they have been classified as "shared"
            by the screener, in which case they are available for
            viewing. ICCB-L is in the process of developing guidelines
            for data sharing. Please contact <a
              href="mailto:caroline_shamu@hms.harvard.edu">Caroline
            Shamu</a> or <a href="mailto:su_chiang@hms.harvard.edu">Su
            Chiang</a> if you have any questions.</li>
          </ul>
        </t:htmlTag>
        <li>Use "Browse Studies" to view the studies that have been
        added to Screensaver. Studies associate biologically significant
        annotations with library reagents.</li>
        <li>Use "Browse Lab Activities" to view the activities you
        have performed at our facility.</li>
        <li>Use "Browse Associates" to view the individuals you
        have been working with, including your fellow lab members and
        screen collaborators. Click on your account name (at the top of
        the menu panel) to view your own information, including screens,
        lab members, etc.</li>
        <li>Use "Data Downloads" to download SD files for all
        ICCB-L libraries, either as a single file or as individual
        library files.</li>
      </ul>

      <p style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">Questions?
      Suggestions? Problems?<f:verbatim>&amp;nbsp;</f:verbatim><h:outputLink
        value="#{appInfo.applicationProperties['screensaver.ui.feedback_url']}" target="_blank" title="Contact us!">Contact us!</h:outputLink>
      </p>
      </t:div>
  </ui:define>

</ui:composition>

</html>
