<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:t="http://myfaces.apache.org/tomahawk"
	xmlns:s="http://myfaces.apache.org/sandbox">

<ui:composition template="/main/template.xhtml">

  <ui:param name="pageTitle" value="Latest News" />

	<ui:define name="body">

		<p>Check back here regularly for the latest Screensaver news and
		gossip!</p>
		<dl>

      <dt><span class="newsDate">2008.Jun.17, v1.6.1</span></dt>
      <dd>
      <p>New screens can now be added to Screensaver via the web user
			interface (about time, eh?)</p>
      <p>Screen Viewer enhancements for viewing, creating, and updating
			screens:<ul>
				<li>New publications can be added by specifying only a PubMed ID.</li>
				<li>Attached Files can be added via browser file upload, or via cut
				&amp; paste.</li>
				<li>Additional Publishable Protocol fields added (in collapsible
				panel).</li>
				<li>Billing Information can now be added, viewed, and edited (in
				collapsible panel).</li>
				<li>Collaborators can be added and deleted similarly to other screen
				child entity types, with add and delete commands.</li>
				<li>Lab Activities and Cherry Pick Requests data tables are limited
				to 10 rows, with commands added to view all in a separate search
				result page, allowing searching, filtering, and reporting to be
				performed on these screen child entity types.</li>
				<li>Screens are now always viewed with the context of a screen
				search result, allowing user to scroll between screens at all times.</li>
				<li>Screen editing is performed in a simplified view, outside of the
				search result data table, and with screen result panel, lab
				activities table, and cherry pick request table removed from view.</li>
			</ul>
			</p>
			<p />
      </dd>

      <dt><span class="newsDate">2008.May.20, v1.6.0</span></dt>
      <dd>
			<p>Activity Viewer has been added, allowing administrators to create,
			edit, and view Library Screening and RNAi Cherry Pick Screening
			activities. New activities can be created from the Screen Viewer page
			or the main menu. The Activities Browser now links each activity to
			the Activity Viewer page.</p>
			<p>Volume fields now display and accept unit suffixes (e.g., uL
			and nL).</p>
      <p>Date fields no longer store time of day (avoids time zone and
			date comparison issues).</p>
			<p>Usability and cosmetic improvements to the data table navigation panel.</p>
			<p>Cherry Pick Request "# unfulfilled lab cherry picks" value is now
			updated correctly if cherry picks are deleted.</p>
			<p>Library Viewer's "Unload Library Contents" command has improved
			performance and reduced memory usage.</p>
			<p>User activity log output improved, now includes date stamps,
			page names, and entity IDs. Improved coverage of activities.</p>
      <p><span style="background-color: #336699; color:white">New aqua color theme!</span></p>
			</dd>

      <dt><span class="newsDate">2008.Apr.01, v1.5.3</span></dt>
      <dd>
			<p>Cherry Pick Request Viewer now supports Small Molecule Cherry Pick
			Requests. Additionally, the Lab Cherry Pick and Screener Cherry Pick
			data tables now provide search, column-selection, and export
			features.</p>
			<p><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/April_Fools'_Day">WAP 2.0</a>
			support added to web user interface for mobile browser access to
			Screensaver.</p>
			</dd>

      <dt><span class="newsDate">2008.Mar.31, v1.5.2</span></dt>
      <dd>
			<p>All search results pages now support a data export command that
			allows the contents of the data table to be downloaded as an Excel
			workbook. For Well Search Results, the SDF download option remains,
			but now respects any user-specified filtering criteria.</p>
			<p>ChemBank IDs have been added to Compounds. Well Viewer and
			Compound Viewer now contain this ID, and act as a link to the
			ChemBank application.</p>
			<p>New column selections have been added to the Well Search Results
			page: ICCB Number, Compound Names, ChemBank IDs, PubChem CIDs, CAS
			Numbers, NSC Numbers, and Genbank Accession Numbers.</p>
      <p>28 compound structures have been fixed in the ICCBBio1 library,
			allowing their compound structures to be viewed.</p>
      </dd>

      <dt><span class="newsDate">2008.Mar.07, v1.5.1</span></dt>
      <dd>
      <p>Developers: Facelets view technology has replaced the use of
			JSP and Tiles.</p>
      <p>Screensaver now sports rounded corners on assorted panel areas.</p>
      </dd>

			<dt><span class="newsDate">2008.Feb.11, v1.5.0</span></dt>
			<dd>
			<p>The implementation of Search Result data tables has been
			entirely re-designed, providing the following benefits:
			<ul>
				<li>Improved performance and scalability for large data sets.
				In particular, sorting and filtering of large data sets is performed
				by the database, not by Screensaver. Near minimal sets of database
				operations are performed in response to user actions (open, scroll,
				sort, add/remove columns, etc.).</li>
				<li>Supports search results composed of columns across related
				entity types (e.g., Library, Well, Gene, Silencing Reagent), with
				user-configurable column selections, via a hierarchical column
				selection interface.</li>
				<li>For developers, simplified definition of Search Result
				pages, with nearly-declarative implementation (simply provide a name
				and an entity property binding for each column). Dynamically
				configurable data access strategy ("load all" or "virtual
				scrolling/paging"). No data access code required (i.e., no Hibernate
				queries).</li>
			</ul>
			</p>
			<p>Users should note:
			<ul>
				<li>Screen Viewer's "Data" panel now has a full search
				interface, replacing the old "Show All, Show Plate, Show Positives"
				interface.</li>
				<li>Screen Viewer's "Data" panel now supports combining data
				columns from multiple screen results (data headers) and studies
				(annotations).</li>
				<li>Well Search Results pages should load faster for large data
				sets. For example, when viewing all wells for a library (accessed
				from the Library Viewer page).</li>
				<li>Creative use of the Search and Column selection features
				provide a basic level of custom reporting throughout Screensaver.</li>
			</ul>
			</p>

			<p />
			</dd>

			<dt><span class="newsDate">2007.Dec.07, v1.4.2</span></dt>
			<dd>
			<p>Cherry Pick Requests now allow an arbitrary set of
			screener-requested empty wells to be specified (rather than entire
			columns and rows).</p>

			</dd>

			<dt><span class="newsDate">2007.Dec.06, v1.4.1</span></dt>
			<dd>
			<p>Added Cherry Pick Requests Browser for administrators,
			allowing them to view that status of all cherry pick requests. Added
			additional status fields to the Cherry Pick Request Viewer to
			indicate whether the request has been completed.</p>
			</dd>

			<dt><span class="newsDate">2007.Dec.03, v1.4.0</span></dt>
			<dd>
			<p>Updated PubChem CIDs have been assigned to Screensaver's
			compounds, allowing the user to directly navigate to the latest
			PubChem entries for each compound. PubChem provides information on
			the biological activities of small molecules.</p>
			<p>Search results can be filtered by specifying criterion for
			each column in the search result data table.</p>
			<p>Screeners can now browse (and filter) all of their screening
			room activities in a search result page. Administrators can now
			browse (and filter) screening room users and staff in a search result
			page.</p>
			</dd>

			<dt><span class="newsDate">2007.Oct.12, v1.3.1</span></dt>
			<dd>
			<p>Administrator can now specify the set of rows to be left empty
			when Screensaver generates cherry pick plate mappings.</p>
			</dd>

			<dt><span class="newsDate">2007.Oct.11, v1.3.0</span></dt>
			<dd>
			<p>Upgraded the Screensaver object model to use Hibernate
			annotations instead of XDoclet annotations. Other various
			across-the-board model updates that should improve understanding,
			ease-of-use, and ease-of-maintenance of object model code for
			developers. This upgrade should have little to no impact on
			Screensaver users.</p>
			<p>Users will be pleased that all data tables in Screensaver now
			present a consistent and improved navigation panel for interacting
			with the table. Developers will be pleased that all data tables are
			now implemented in terms of the same DataTable class.</p>
			</dd>

			<dt><span class="newsDate">2007.Sep.13, v1.2.0</span></dt>
			<dd>
			<p>Added "Study" and "Annotations" data types to Screensaver,
			allowing the system to incorporate and present 3rd-party library
			annotation data, as well as providing a means for sharing and
			presenting biologically relevant results from in-house screens.</p>
			</dd>

			<dt><span class="newsDate">2007.Aug.24, v1.1.0</span></dt>
			<dd>
			<p>Screensaver released as open source project.</p>
			</dd>

			<dt><span class="newsDate">2007.Aug.6</span></dt>
			<dd>
			<p>Added workaround instructions for structure image viewing
			problems to the Well Viewer and Compound Viewer pages and help pages.</p>
			</dd>
		</dl>

	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>

</html>
