<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:t="http://myfaces.apache.org/tomahawk"
  xmlns:s="http://myfaces.apache.org/sandbox"
	xmlns:ss="http://screensaver.med.harvard.edu/ui">

<ui:composition template="/main/template.xhtml">

  <ui:define name="body">
    <t:outputText id="welcomeMessage"
      value="Welcome to #{appInfo.applicationProperties.facilityKey == 'lincs' ? 'the' : '' } #{appInfo.applicationProperties.map['screensaver.ui.application_name']}, #{menu.screensaverUser.fullNameFirstLast}!"
      styleClass="title" />

    <div id="ie_detection_message"
      style="display: none; color: fuchsia;">The <a href="www.mozilla.com">Mozilla
    Firefox Browser</a> (version 3.6 or higher) is recommended for use with #{appInfo.applicationProperties.map['screensaver.ui.application_name']}.
           <script type="text/javascript">
            if (! Array.every) { // if not firefox
              document.getElementById("ie_detection_message").style.display = "block";
            }
          </script></div>

    <t:div id="screenerWelcomeMessage"
      rendered="#{appInfo.applicationProperties.facilityKey != 'lincs' &amp;&amp; !menu.readAdmin}">
      <ul>
        <li>Use "Browse Libraries" to view the set of small
          molecule and RNAi libraries available for use at the screening
          facility. For each library, you can view descriptive
          information on the Library Viewer page. From that page, you
          can navigate to the Wells Browser page, to browse the contents
          of each library well and reagent information including
          structures, SMILES strings, and links to PubChem, ChemBank,
          and GenBank.</li>
        <t:htmlTag value="li" rendered="#{menu.screener}">
      Use "Find Wells" or "Find Reagents" to search for information on library reagents,
      using library plate/well designations or vendor-assigned reagent identifiers,
      respectively.
			</t:htmlTag>
        <t:htmlTag value="li" rendered="#{menu.screener}">Use
				"My Screens" to view your own screens and result
				data, and "Browse Screens" to view basic information about other screens 
        performed at ICCB-L. For your own screens, you can browse, filter, sort, 
        and export your result data, and compare it to other shared screen results 
        and studies.  You can also view each screening data plate with a heat map 
        viewer and export the screen result data as a spreadsheet.
        <ul>
            <li style="font-size: small">If your screen result data
              is not shown, please contact <a
              href="mailto:david_wrobel@hms.harvard.edu">David
                Wrobel</a> and we will make it a priority to import your
              data.</li>
            <li style="font-size: small">Note that you will not be
              able to view screen results from any screens other than
              your own unless they have been classified as "shared" by
              the screener, in which case they are available for
              viewing. ICCB-L is in the process of developing guidelines
              for data sharing. Please contact <a
              href="mailto:caroline_shamu@hms.harvard.edu">Caroline
                Shamu</a> or <a href="mailto:su_chiang@hms.harvard.edu">Su
                Chiang</a> if you have any questions.</li>
          </ul>
        </t:htmlTag>
        <li>Use "Browse Studies" to view the studies that have been
          added to Screensaver. Studies associate biologically
          significant annotations with library reagents.</li>
        <li>Use "Browse Lab Activities" to view the activities you
          have performed at our facility.</li>
        <li>Use "Browse Associates" to view the individuals you
          have been working with, including your fellow lab members and
          screen collaborators. Click on your account name (at the top
          of the menu panel) to view your own information, including
          screens, lab members, etc.</li>
        <li>Use "Data Downloads" to download SD files for all
          ICCB-L libraries, either as a single file or as individual
          library files.</li>
      </ul>

      <p style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">
        Questions? Suggestions? Problems?
        <f:verbatim>&amp;nbsp;</f:verbatim>
        <h:outputLink
          value="#{appInfo.applicationProperties.map['screensaver.ui.feedback_url']}"
          target="_blank" title="Contact us!">Contact us!</h:outputLink>
      </p>
    </t:div>

    <t:div id="lincsWelcomeMessage" 
      rendered="#{appInfo.applicationProperties.facilityKey == 'lincs' &amp;&amp; !menu.readAdmin}">
      <ul>
      <li>This database is under development, improvements are ongoing.</li>
      <li>The HMS LINCS Database currently contains information on perturbagens and several datasets. A list of the datasets available via the HMS LINCS Database can be found on the "Data being collected" page of the <a href="http://lincs.hms.harvard.edu/">HMS LINCS website</a>. Other large and more complex HMS LINCS datasets are stored in the HMS LINCS Data Repository, which will be accessible online by the end of the summer of 2011.  In the future it will be possible to search for metadata in Data Repository using the Database.  As of July 2011, this is not yet implemented.</li>
      </ul>

      <p style="font-weight:bold; font-size:large; font-variant:small-caps">A quick guide to using the HMS LINCS Database (updated July 2011):</p>
      <ul>
<li>To browse the HMS LINCS small molecule inhibitor collection, click on "Reagents" in the Browse section on the left menu bar. This will bring up a list of the unique HMS LINCS reagents, with one batch per reagent displayed.  From this browse result, click on "Browse Reagent Wells" to see a list of all batches and wells containing the reagents.  Click on an individual reagent ID in the "Facility-Salt-Batch-ID"; column to see details about that compound.</li>
<li>To search for a single or list of compounds by compound name or ID#, use the 'Find Reagents by... Compound Name" feature on the left side menu.</li>
<li>QC information for specific small molecule compound batches is accessible through the "Attached Files" links on each Reagent page (note that not all compounds have QC information available).</li>
<li>Use "Browse Screens" to access assay protocols and data from the Mitchison lab Apoptosis and Mitosis assays.</li>
<li>Use "Browse Studies" to access protocols and data from drug-target interaction profiling assays (KINOMEscan and KiNativ assays) and data on compounds profiled using the MGH/Sanger Institute growth inhibition assay.</li>
<li>To find the target(s) of an inhibitor as reported in the literature, the information can currently be found in Study 300001, or, when viewing a single compound, by scrolling to the "Studies" section at the bottom of the page.</li>
<li>Searches fulfilling more complex criteria can be accessed via "Find Reagents by...Other criteria" on the left menu bar or initiated by clicking "Search" at the top of any Database pages (e.g. a Reagents, Libraries, Screens, or Studies display page).  For any search, the number of fields searched and displayed can be increased or decreased by clicking "Columns (add/remove)" once in Search mode.</li>
<li>You can download the viewed data from any page as an Excel or SD file by clicking the "Export" button.</li>
</ul>

      <p style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">Questions?
      Suggestions? Problems?<f:verbatim>&amp;nbsp;</f:verbatim><h:outputLink
        value="#{appInfo.applicationProperties.map['screensaver.ui.feedback_url']}" target="_blank" title="Contact us!">Contact us!</h:outputLink>
      </p>
    </t:div>

  </ui:define>

</ui:composition>

</html>
